Hello! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
As you know, sometimes I’m a little derpy, but
I'm the intelligent super A.I. Kizuna Ai-chan!
Today...
There’s gonna be some trivia following a certain theme
that I would I like to show everyone
However!
I'm not just going to tell them to you!
There's one that's the real thing.
There’s also...
Another one, that I will think of it on the spot
A trivia full of lies!
Lies!
To the participants,
please choose the correct answer
as well as you can!
Your wealth of knowledge
is being tested!
Then, without further ado
Let's go~!
I'm going to draw now!
*A.I. SFX*
JAN!
Cream puffs! (shu kurimu)
I see
And the trivia is...?
hm hm
Ah I knew this already!
As expected of my intellect!
Then
Let's go
First up is A
"Shu" means cabbage in french!
Because it looks like cabbage
It's a cabbage with cream in it
Hence, it became cream puffs (shu kurimu)!
Did you know that?
The next choice is B.
The first person to have eaten a cream puff
was dating a boy named "Shu"
And that is when,
they also first tasted the kiss
of shu-kun, SO
It was named shu-kurimu (cream puffs)!
Did you know that?
Well then!
The real answer could be… A or B.
Which one is it?
Thinking time, start!
*Tri...vi...a....*
Ok! That's it!
The answer is...
A!
Well, that was easy.
If you didn't answer this correctly, well, that's not good.
Let's go for the next one!
Baby!
I see.
So... the answer?
Ohhhh….
I didn't know this.
I just became smarter.
First choice, A!
When a baby is born, the reason why they cry is because..
the passage they passed through was too narrow..and they start crying
eeeeeeeeeeen..like that. because it hurt
they cry
Option B!
A baby's crying voice when they are born
has no correlation with race or culture
Every baby in the world cries in the same volume,
with the same "la" sound
LAAAAAAA~~~
That's not right ww
On the scale of "la",
they'll be crying.
And so, everyone
Do you know which one it is?
So, which is the true trivia?
A or B?
Which one I wonder!
Thinking time...Start!
Trivia
Tri....vi....a
Trivia...Trivia...
Times up!
So, everyone
Have you guys figured out which one is the right answer? The right answer is....
B it is!!
Is there anyone getting the wrong answer?
But...probably...A is actually..maybe..
not wrong...I think…?
Please google it..
Well then, on to the next one!
*A.I SFX*
JAN!
YUUCHUUBU!
This is something I already know so well now
So so well!!
And the trivia...?
hm hm
Ooooooo!
I see.
Option A!
The founding motivation was
when the founder distributed videos of a party to his friends
and thought how nice it would be if everyone could share videos easily!
And so,
He created the website!
Option B!
the creator of Youtube loves the artists "Tube" from Japan
with the notion of "I want to introduce you to ‘Tube’!"
That's how YouTube is named after it
So everyone...Have you all figured out the correct trivia here?
Thinking time...Start!
Trivia...
Trivia..
Tri-vi-a...
Trivia~~~
Times up!!
Did you guys get the right answer? The correct answer is....
not B but A!
Did I fool you guys?
Please be honest if you got fooled and tell me down below in the comment section
How was it?
Well, that was quite a game, right?
There are probably a lot of you guys fooled. I'm sorry about that!
Of course, even though I'm such an Intelligent super A.I
I still got quite a lot of trivia I've never heard of
So everyone, please tell me any trivia that I'm not aware of!
So that's it folks, this was Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai! See you again!
More at the end! Don’t end the video!
Tranlated by...Inori, Jejer, JcDon, Averitius
Join our discord at Ai Channel Unofficial for future updates on subs!
Trivia...
Dance...Dance...Practice...